fix: Also copy `system` attr when copying `User` (#3265)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#3231](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3231))
- Allow `ForumTag` to be created without an emoji.
  ([#3245](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3245))
- Fixed `AttributeError` when accessing the `system` attribute on copied `User`s.

>   ([#3247](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3247))

Reviewer: Isn't this an internal / implementation detail? Not something the user will ever come across afaik

Author: I mean I am not sure I could find a case but I'm pretty sure the library does serve "copied" users sometimes, and that could happen there.

Reviewer: Ah yeah, I was thinking of update (doesn't construct a new object).

  ([#3231](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3231))
- Allow `ForumTag` to be created without an emoji.
  ([#3245](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3245))

> - Fixed `AttributeError` when accessing the `system` attribute on copied `User`s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix an attribute error when accessing the `system` attribute on copied `User` objects.
```
